Issue/8052 agent cache follow up improve naming (#8109)
inmanta/inmanta-core: docs/model_developers/handlers.rst

`lru_cache <https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html#functools.lru_cache>`_ works. The arguments to
the method will form the cache key, the return value will be cached. When the method is called a
second time with the same arguments, it will not be executed again, but the cached result is
returned instead. To exclude specific arguments from the cache key, use the ``ignore`` parameter.

Cache entries will be dropped from the cache when they become stale. Use the following parameters to control when an entry is considered stale:
  * Setting ``evict_after_creation=True`` will mark entries as stale after a timeout controlled by the ``timeout`` parameter (5000s by default).

>   * Setting ``refresh_after_access=True`` will reset the expiry time of entries to 60s anytime they're used.

Reviewer: I don't see a reason to hardcode this to 60s. As a default 60s is ok, but we should give more freedom to the user to configure the duration of the timeout like is the case for the `evict_after_creation` timer.

Wouldn't it be a good idea to change the type of these two parameters to integers, so that we can have a different value for each timer?

>   * Setting ``refresh_after_access=True`` will reset the expiry time of entries to 60s anytime they're used.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it was already discussed, and I'm not aware of the conclusion of the discussion, but don't we want to be a bit more flexible than the 60s: be able to set any timeout for this kind of cache as well?

>   * Setting ``refresh_after_access=True`` will reset the expiry time of entries to 60s anytime they're used.

Reviewer: I am not really a big fan of changing this from `evict_after_last_access` to `refresh_after_access`. The term "evict" makes it really clear this is about cache invalidation and the term "after_last_access" makes it clear the we will evict after the last access. `refresh_after_access` is a lot more vague. Refresh can mean a lot of different things. I also don't really like that we had a naming schema for the variables `evict_<something>`. That's something we lost now.

Reviewer 2: I agree with this. As originally thought, the renaming I proposed was specific to the `CacheItem` class because checking: 
```
if item.evict_after_last_access
```
to see if an item needs to be refreshed is not so clear to me. But maybe I am the only one bothered by this

Author: I agree, I'll revert this and only apply the renaming to the `CacheItem` class.

>   * Setting ``evict_after_creation=True`` will mark entries as stale after a timeout controlled by the ``timeout`` parameter (5000s by default).
>   * Setting ``refresh_after_access=True`` will reset the expiry time of entries to 60s anytime they're used.

Reviewer: The fact that we reset timers is an implementation detail. We should more describe the behavior instead.

```suggestion
  * Setting ``evict_after_creation=True`` will mark entries as stale after a timeout controlled by the ``timeout`` parameter (5000s by default).
  * Setting ``refresh_after_access=True`` will mark the cache entry stale 60s after is has been last accessed.
```
